# Jury-Assessment-Portal
Avantika University is a private, cross-disciplinary university based in Ujjain, Madhya Pradesh, India. It has been described as India's first design-centered university. The assessment process in Avantika university is divided into two categories, the first category, includes continuous and comprehensive evaluation which has 80% weightage, and the second category includes the Jury which has the rest 20% weightage. The Jury process in Avantika University is manual and includes a lot of paperwork. The Indian government has also issued a circular directing official to reduce the use of paper in departmental works, this will minimize the impact on the environment, as trees are the major source of paper pulp production. The project will solve problems such as maintaining the jury record and digitalizing the jury process. Handling the jury records in hard copy is a troublesome process for the exam office and again the manual data entry consumes a lot of time. Human error leads to inaccurate information, When we rely on a person to correctly transfer data from one place to another, mistakes are to be expected. Eye fatigue, inattentiveness, and hard-to-read information make it a recipe for errors to occur. Furthermore, manual data entry requires time and money to train employees. An automated system, however, streamlines information into a single checkpoint, making it easier to catch, and fix, any errors. This project will automate the process of Jury grading, i.e. 20% of academic marks, and will help the exam office to publish the results faster.
